[refman] Move chapters into new structure. (#11601)
coq/coq: doc/sphinx/proofs/writing-tactics/index.rst

.. _writing-tactics:

===============

> Writing tactics

Reviewer: Perhaps "Creating new tactics"?  Typing "reflexivity." in CoqIDE could be taken as "writing".

===============

The languages presented in this chapter allow one to build complex

> tactics by reusing and combining existing ones.  While :ref:`Ltac

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tactics by combining existing ones with constructs such as conditionals and looping.  While :ref:`Ltac
```

<ltac>` was initially thought of as a language for doing some basic
combinations, it has been used successfully to build highly complex
tactics as well, but this has also highlighted its limits and
fragility.  The experimental language :ref:`Ltac2 <ltac2>` is a typed
and more principled variant which is more adapted to building complex
tactics.

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1

   ../../proof-engine/ltac
   ../../proof-engine/ltac2

Other solutions exist beyond these two tactic languages to write new
tactics:

- `Mtac2 <https://github.com/Mtac2/Mtac2>`_ is an external plugin
  which provides another typed tactic language.  While Ltac2 belongs
  to the ML language family, Mtac2 reuses the language of Coq itself
  as the language to build Coq tactics.

- The most traditional way of building new complex tactics is to write
  a Coq plugin in OCaml.  Beware that this also requires much more
  effort and commitment.  A tutorial for writing Coq plugins is
  available in the Coq repository in `doc/plugin_tutorial

>   <https://github.com/coq/coq/tree/master/doc/plugin_tutorial>`_.

Reviewer: The copyrights all in the HTML output at the bottom of each page say "© Copyright 1999-2019, Inria, CNRS and contributors."  Maybe time to update to 2020?

Author: Done in #11637.
